Mention explicitely the Compliance level required for MicroEJ applications (#506)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/runtime.rst

Basically, Java source code is compiled by the Java compiler [1]_ into the binary format specified in the JVM specification [2]_. 
This binary code is linked by a tool named :ref:`SOAR <soar>` before execution: ``.class`` files and some other application-related files (see :ref:`Classpath <chapter.microej.classpath>` chapter) are linked to produce the final binary file that the :ref:`Core Engine <core_engine>` will execute.

> .. note:: Set the Compiler Compliance Level to 1.7 to ensure the bytecode produced by the Java compiler is compatible with MicroEJ. The Compliance Level can be changed from the IDE: :guilabel:`Window` > :guilabel:`Preferences` > :guilabel:`Java` > :guilabel:`Compiler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: When opened in the SDK, make sure that the Compiler Compliance Level of your project is set to 1.7 to ensure the bytecode produced by the Java compiler is compatible with MicroEJ. The Compliance Level can be changed from the menu: :guilabel:`Window` > :guilabel:`Preferences` > :guilabel:`Java` > :guilabel:`Compiler`.
```
This is a suggestion to try to make it clear that this change is only required when the project is opened in the SDK, not when built with the command line for example.
